Update proxy-intro-aad.md (#736)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/proxy-intro-aad.md

## Pre-onboarded apps

> Any web app configured using the [previously mentioned authentication protocols](#supported-apps-and-clients) can be onboarded to work with access and session controls. In addition, the following apps are already onboarded with both access and session controls for Azure Active Directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any web app configured using the [previously mentioned authentication protocols](#supported-apps-and-clients) can be onboarded to work with access and session controls. In addition, the following apps are already onboarded with both access and session controls for Microsoft Entra ID.
```
